I guys crystal game here and this is its
torial how to upload this Conte zo6 so
import something and anything like me
old DF by air right click add to
timeline then it should say like six
something but what you want it to is 320
and 240 so this is going to let you
upload the screen to youtube so press ok
then you can add your zoom and pan
everything you want produce the video as
this is what you need to do ok click it
here's what you've set the default to
next it should be on this but you don't
want it's not recommended for me anyway
it cuz WMV that's one of the formats
like YouTube except next next next by
this watermark well watermark I get a
little crystal on the bottom of my
videos when I make them this is because
this is my logo and this is a watermark
you can press options and open any one
you want just download a picture and do
that so if you don't want one just click
that so press match next and then it
should say finish um sorry I've got back
laughs today I'm law school and press
finish and it should render the project
if it's a long video it should take
longer than others if not and should
take
so I'm going to pause this because I'm
not gonna let you wait a mo yeah so it's
nearly done and move 5 don't slow down
seven eight okay so done let's finish
and then it sure come up showing you
what it's going to look like on YouTube
the old old old video is everyone so
then you've done that okay in that
browser and should be on YouTube will go
to youtube.com upload I'm just blind
this is test you convert video ok browse
then it should be untitled well it is
for me you could just rename the video
so it's a lot easier let's open it up
load video it should be uploading so
yeah I'll pause it again so okay guys as
you can see it's finished processing
click on it this done um yes yes should
save life if you have any problems and
it's all commonly my page and outside
out for you sorry I will be better in a
couple of days voice will be back to
normal sorry about that guys but yeah
hope your help so ya see ya